RULES:
1. Finish the drink by the official time the next wheel spin sequence is completed (60 minutes unless otherwise specified)
2. Remove the option once it has been rolled.  Exceptions: short mode, music interruption.  IF YOU FORGET TO REMOVE THE OPTION, IT STAYS ON THE WHEEL.
3. After 2 rounds of normal drinks, a glass of water is substituted for the next cycle.
4. Play it by ear: The wheel may be overridden by a vote from the majority.  Removal from wheel not necessary.
5. You are given 2 heart containers at the beginning of the game.  Hearts may be used to extend the play cycle by 10 minutes.
6. You can trade in all of your hearts for a different curse, but an additional curse is applied.
7. 3 or more curses on a player resets health and the player must sit out until his/her drink is finished.
8. A wild card is granted after an incredible feat is witnessed and agreed upon by those fortunate to see it.


Rifts (interruptions)
	Madman's Rift (Critical Hit): Finish your drink, remove the option, and reroll.  DOES NOT STACK.
	Bard's Rift: 1 song, Cycle is not started until next spin.
	Playwright's Rift: TV show, with drinking game.  3 rules, random episode selection.
	Jester's Rift: Meme playlist for 10 minutes, random starting point.
	Time Traveler's Rift: Reset the wheel and all hexes/blessings.  Heart containers persist.

Curses
	Curse of the Sodden: Current drink is now water.  If on a water round, finish a 2nd glass by the end of the cycle. DOES NOT STACK
	Curse of the Bard (music curse): Play 1 song on endless loop over the next cycle.  You cannot mute it.  Curse ends once drink is finished. DOES NOT STACK
	Curse of the Moon: Can't end on a win streak, can't end on a loss
	Curse of the Choosing Beggar: Wild card for curses.
	Curse of the Twins: 2 drinks must be finished by the end of the cycle.  This does not double charge the waterbar.  STACKS WITH ALL BUT SODDEN
	Curse of the Warrior: Drink if any player dies or loses a round.  Ends when drink ends.  STACKS ONLY WITH OTHER CURSES

Hexes
	Hex of the Bulldog: -1 heart container (minimum remaining: 1)
	Hex of the White Cat: mute everything but discord
	Hex of the Rooster: Satisfy 3 goals to avoid losing a heart for each unsatisfied goal
	Hex of the Dodo: Purposely die or lose the round 3 times before the cycle is over.  If you win or cannot complete the above in time, then a random curse is applied and the hex continues to the next cycle.
	Hex of the Honey Badger: Forced to play an arcade style game for 10 minutes and meet some minimum score threshold.  Failure results in a curse.
	Hex of the Falcon: Wheel spin interval sped up by 10 minutes.  STACKS UP TO 3, CANNOT BE CURED.  Ends with wheel reset.
	Hex of the Goldfish: Cycle begins.  Spin a wheel containing only games; play 1 round of each game for a total of 3 rounds.  Return to the master wheel once complete.

Blessings
	Blessing of the Shaman: +1 heart container (no cap)
	Blessing of the Seraph: Immune from curses/hexes for 60 minutes.  Cannot be brought up by a wild card, cannot be removed
	Blessing of the Peasant: A wild card for use when bored.  Does not extend the cycle.
	Blessing of the Apothecary: A potion that cures all curses now or can be saved to cure 1 curse later.

Gambits
	Gambit of the Wise: play a round of sporcle, group chooses.  Reward is based on percentile: >=50%ile = blessing, else curse. 100% cures all curses
	Gambit of the Fool: Play a 10 minute game for score, speed, or some other goal.  Spin the wheel for a blessing/curse in the event of victory/defeat.
	Gambit of the Deft: Finish a game/level in a certain time for a Blessing of the Peasant (wild card).  Individually awarded, one attempt.

Master Wheel
https://www.classtools.net/random-name-picker/85_hbkgSg

Game list
	Battleblock Theater
	Borderlands 2
	Castle Crashers
	Dark Souls 1
	Dark Souls 2
	Dark Souls 3
	Distance
	GTA V
	Monaco
	Portal 2
	Super Mario 64 online
	Team Fortress 2
	Town of Salem
	Transformice
	Flash games (FIRST GAME DOEO)
	Rocket League
	Trackmania Nations

Games that not everyone owns
	Factorio
	PUBG
	Risk of Rain
	Terraria
	Minecraft

Local games (co op or pass and play)
	Cuphead
	Stick fight: the game
	Binding of Isaac: Rebirth
	COD MW 1
	COD MW 2
	Gang beasts
	Hidden folks
	Hotline miami 1
	Hotline miami 2
	Pit people
	Refunct
	Rogue Legacy
	Sonic Mania
	Spelunky
	Star Wars Battlefront 2 (2005)
	Super Hexagon
	Super Meat Boy
	Surgeon Simulator
	Windosill
	Hexcells infinite

Music subwheel
https://www.classtools.net/random-name-picker/93_8WQ5PZ
(Ideas for movie category: lets get down to business, oh yeah, duel of the fates, lord of the rings, son of flynn...)

list
	Electronic
	wild card
	Something from a movie
	2000s
	vaporwave
	80s
	90s
	Country
	Blues
	Smooth Jazz
	Pop
	Classic Rock
	Alternative
	Folk

Flash subwheel
FIRST GAME OF THE DAY MUST BE DOEO, easy difficulty.  No repeats if the wheel is reset.
https://www.classtools.net/random-name-picker/10_SUAST9

list: (DOEO FIRST, only once per day)
	This is the only level 1,too,3
	achievement unlocked 1,2,3
	amorphous+
	bloons 1-10
	bunny flags
	burrito bison 1,2
	buttonhunt 1,2,3
	clear vision 1,2,3,4,5,6
	coinbox hero
	dolphin olympics 2
	ducklife 2
	easy joe 1,2
	elephant quest
	factory balls 1,2,3,4
	fancy pants 1,2,3 (note: may lag less with firefox)
	four second fury, frenzy, firestorm
	hook
	in drmzzz
	learn to fly 1,2,3
	me and the key 1,2,3
	miami/new york shark
	phage wars 2
	simian.interface
	solipskier
	sprout
	sushi cat
	treadmillasaurus rex
	upgrade complete 1,2
	where is cat
	wonderputt
	you have to burn the rope
	WILD CARD
	WILD CARD
	WILD CARD
	WILD CARD
	WILD CARD
	WILD CARD
	WILD CARD

TV wheel (with drinking game)
https://www.classtools.net/random-name-picker/16_SXgMmf

list:
	Archer FX
	arrested development
	futurama
	parks and rec
	rick and morty
	seinfeld
	south park
	Simpsons

TF2 wheel must be made manually, but include NFF, KotH, MvM, regular payload

Super Mario 64 online wheel
https://www.classtools.net/random-name-picker/82_QdA28g
DRINK ON EVERY DEATH FOR EASY CHALLENGES, YES, ALL OF YOU FOR EACH PERSON'S DEATH

list:
	10 castle secret stars
	100% Big Boo's haunt
	100% Cool, cool mountain
	100% Jolly roger bay
	100% bob-omb battlefield
	100% whomp's fortress
	20 stars and 5 castle secret stars
	Bowser 1 and its red coin star
	Bowser 2 and its red coin star
	Finish the game as fast as possible